now our next company headed by robin
smith the c.e.o a highly educated woman
persistent hardworking and one of the
leading authorities on stem cell therapy
and neil stem is a cell therapy company
capitalizing on the paradigm shift that
is occurring in medicine in the future
cell therapy will play a significant
role in the fight against chronic
disease and in lessening the economic
burden that these diseases pose to
modern society let's go to Robin i'm
here with robin smith the CEO of neostem
robin thanks for being with us today
here in our studio in Orlando thanks for
having me now you are the CEO of one of
the leading stem cell technology
companies in the world today in fact you
have a book coming out on stem cells
tell us about your company it's an
exciting time there's a paradigm shift
in medicine using the cells of our body
to treat diseases and we've acquired the
assets over the last five years to
really be a leader both from creating
our own novel cell therapies to having a
contract manufacturing business which
generates revenues and helps other
companies create cell therapy products
in fact you manufacture the drug for
Dendreon the cell therapy that treats
cancer we help them get approved we did
about eighty percent of their phase 3
trial that got them approved by the FDA
to create these dendritic vaccines for
prostate cancer and talk to us about
your intellectual portfolio so we're
also developing our own cell therapy
products and we believe it's critical
that you if you develop a product you
should have a very strong IP portfolio
which we have and as you may have seen
we had another patent approved in the
United States both method and
composition of matter so that at the end
when the therapy continues to evolve and
hopefully be approved we'll have a
protection using our intellectual prayer
and that that particular patent is
around this phase 2 clinical trial
therapy that you that should now in
process it's correct we bought a murse I
twitch has a mr 0 0 1 which is a way to
take stem cells of your own body to
treat a person after they've had a heart
attack to help lay down new blood
vessels to prevent the worsening of our
so your technology will save a health
care costs and and help people live
longer that it's very encouraging that's
what we're seeing it's not just about
prolonging life but it's about making
people's quality of life better because
you're restoring damaged tissue and it's
an exciting time now medicine now stem
cell technology it's been around for
many many years there's been a lot of
debate should we use embryonic cells
adult stem cells again you're coming out
with a book that's approved by the
Vatican talk to us about this debate in
your position yeah so people don't
realize a bone marrow transplant which
has been used for 30 years for part of
cancer therapy is a stem cell and so now
what we're realizing is there's a lot of
advances many clinical trials 4500
22,000 cell therapy trials that are
looking to take the cells of our body to
create therapies and people don't
understand that people are walking who
have been part of the clinical trials
whose lives have been changed and the
idea of the book is to help educate
people on the advances of adult stem
cells to have them understand they don't
have to choose between science and faith
and this is something that is endorsed
by the church and it's something they
shouldn't be afraid of and there's hope
for the future of the many many millions
of people around the world who were
suffered suffering from debilitating
diseases and neyo stems at the forefront
of this this paradigm shift in
healthcare fact you've received grants
from the national institutes of health
from the Department of Defense tell us
about these grants what you're working
on foot for these institutions so we
have a technology it's a little earlier
development called these cells and we
have grants to help bring these into the
clinic and to advance them using these
Wiesel's to help restore tissue that
gets damaged we take bone recreate bone
with osteoporosis or damage using vision
for areas like macular degeneration
already know a disease and it's a way to
restore damaged tissue using the cells
of our body so while it's early we're
very excited about the technology and
having the funds to help advance it well
a few things I like about your company
one very very strong scientific team
very strong management team you have a
medical degree from Yale you also have
an MBA from Wharton doesn't come any
better
that you have grants from from major
healthcare institutions in the world you
have a phase 2 clinical trial you're
generating revenue through your contract
manufacturing business stocks trading 60
sets you're fully funded at this point I
think it's a very very strong buy what
are some of the catalysts coming up that
could possibly propel this stock higher
well you know we're enrolling our
patients in the trial and we should
complete this year with data readout six
months after the last patient is
enrolled we continue to add new clients
to the PCT business and as the field
emerges were right in the center of that
we should be having some data and maybe
additional grants for our V cell
technology and of course a lot of
exposure with the book that's coming out
in April and and the Vatican conference
a week later so a lot of short-term
catalyst and long-term catalyst want to
be in these biotechs before the big news
hits to maximize your profits robin
thanks for being with us today we'll
have you back soon thank you my value
proposition for neostem not a profitable
company yet but the potential upside for
investors is enormous particularly at
current price levels the key here is can
the company deliver on its technology if
they are successful in getting their
technology to market the stock will not
trade in the 60 to 70 sent range this
stock could trade it ten times that
price now Robin Smith and her team they
are a world-class management team that
world-class scientific team they are one
of the leaders in cell therapy the stock
biotech stock in particular tend to move
on concrete news you want to be in a
position you want to own that stock
before the concrete news comes to market
you